Add Continuous Access evaluation policy (#9679)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/continuousaccessevaluationpolicy-get.md

---
title: "Get continuousAccessEvaluationPolicy"
description: "Read the properties of a continuousAccessEvaluationPolicy object."
author: "jerrysai"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get continuousAccessEvaluationPolicy
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Read the properties and relationships of a [continuousAccessEvaluationPolicy](../resources/continuousaccessevaluationpolicy.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from most to least privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)     | Policy.Read.All |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
|Application                            | Policy.Read.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- {  "blockType": "ignored"} -->
``` http
GET /identity/continuousAccessEvaluationPolicy
```

## Optional query parameters

> This method supports the select OData query parameter to help customize the response. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method supports the '$select' OData query parameter to help customize the response. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).
```
